docs: add readme.md (#16)
JunbaeJs/junbae-mode: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JunbaeJs.junbae-mode&ssr=false#overview">
    <img src="../junbae-mode/images/junbae_logo.png" height="128">
    <h1 align="center">Junbae Mode</h1>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="License" href="https://github.com/JunbaeJs/junbae-mode/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/next.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Join the community on GitHub" href="https://github.com/JunbaeJs/junbae-mode">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Junbae%20Mode%20-blueviolet.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Github&labelColor=000000&logoWidth=20">
  </a>
</p>

## Getting Started

> Whenever you use the keyboard, the adorable Junbae will be with you.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you type, the adorable Junbae will be with you.<br/>
```

I think `type` is better than `use the keyboard`

Overcome the dull coding life by becoming Junbae's aunt/uncle.<br/>
You can enjoy various appearances of Junbae depending on the mode!

Download and try [Junbae Mode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JunbaeJs.junbae-mode&ssr=false#overview) out on the marketplace!

## Who is Junbae?

Let us introduce our mascot, the incredibly cute Junbae!<br/>
Junbae is a caique parrot, and oh so adorable.<br/>
With an orange head, white belly, and green feathers, Junbae is an incredibly cute parrot.<br/>

> Junbae is Arthur Hwang's pet parrot, and she is a girl. She has just turned one year old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Born on December 3, 2023, Junbae has just turned one year old. She is Arthur Hwang's pet parrot.
```

> Enchanted by Junbae's cuteness, we often think of Junbae even when coding.<br/>
> That's why we created the Junbae mode, so you can see Junbae while coding too!<br/>
> Come and fall in love with Junbae's cuteness together!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enchanted by Junbae's charm, we often find ourselves thinking of her even while coding.<br/>
That's why we've introduced the Junbae mode, allowing you to enjoy Junbae's presence during typing.<br/>
Come and immerse yourself in the adorable allure of Junbae together!
```

## Who is using Junbae Mode?

- Those who want to be captivated by the charm of cute Junbae while coding!
- Those who want to code stylishly and break away from the ordinary!
- Those who want to infuse vitality into their boring development routine!
- Those who want to be noticed at work!

## Warning
Junbae doesn't directly help you with your development or improve your skills.<br/>
Be careful not to get too caught up with Junbae and forget your tasks.

> But wasn't it adorable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But isn't it adorable?
```
